In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
Oops! Sorry, Mylène! My bad!
-I think this is yours, Rose!
-Thanks, Marinette!
Do you realise?
It's our very first concert!
It's going to be awesome!
-He's not here yet!
-No worries, girl!
The gig hasn't started yet!
What if he doesn't know the address?
Or got the day wrong? Or is lost?
Could you check with Nino, please?
You know, of course, just... casually.
Hey, Nino, did you hear from Adrien,
by any chance?
He had something to do with his old man.
He said he'll come right after.
Captain Anarka speakin' to ya! So,
how's it comin' along, my young pirates?
Ready to celebrate the--
Whatcha up to, there, matey?
Uh, hello, ma'am.
I'm cleaning up for tonight!
-Your boat will be clean as a whistle!
-You're cleaning? Ha, ha, ha, ha!
We never pick up in this house!
Didn't my daughter tell you?
We like the lived-in look!
We have no rules on the Liberty!
Out of chaos comes creation!
Messiness is life!
[false note]
I've heard enough.
Are you sure you're practising, Adrien?
I'm doing the same exercises
over and over again.
I'd make better progress
if I could play with other musicians.
After all, music's meant to be
shared with other people.
We Agrestes are soloists.
We're not mere group members.
Rehearse your piece some more.
You'll play it for me again later today.
But you promised
that I could attend my friends' concert!
Not after that performance,
which is probably due to their influence!
You need to refocus, Adrien.
[phone rings]
Wassup, dude?
Wow! What happened?
Whoa! That's real rough.
Good luck, dude. See ya tomorrow!
Well, it's not exactly the first time
his dad's kept him
from hanging out with us.
Actually, I'd have been
super surprised if he hadn't.
Whoa, sailor! Never place a metal object
next to a compass, ya hear, lass?
Metal attracts the needle,
just like a magnet,
which is why you can't get them
near each other.
I know how they feel.
Maybe I'm just like this statue
and Adrien's my compass.
Maybe we're meant to stay away
from each other forever.
I think it's the other way around.
He's the statue and you're the compass
that goes crazy whenever he gets close!
There'll be other chances, Marinette.
That's what you said the last time
and the time before that.
We're ready, Captain!
Uh... But Luka's missing.
-Marinette, right?
-Yes, ma'am... uh, Captain!
Since you're free from cleaning duties,
could you go and tell Luka that we're
waiting for him to start rehearsals?
Of course. Uh, but who's Luka?
And where is he?
Luka's my son.
You'll find him in his cabin.
Uh!
Hey! My name's Mama...
uh... Mamamarinette!
Your mom sent me down here. The groove...
uh... the group's waiting for you.
Hello, Mamamarinette.
[chuckles]
Sorry.
I tend to make more sense with this.
That's strange. It seems you have
something like this in your heart.
How do you do that?
Music is often simpler than words.
You like Jagged Stone's music?
He's my favourite singer!
Mine too.
You can have it if you like.
I've got plenty.
Oh! Thanks.
I think I'd better go
and join the... groove, you said?
Did I really say that? Oh, no!
You're a funny girl, Marinette.
For this year's National Music Festival,
the city hall has organised
numerous free concerts featuring big stars
in some pretty prestigious locales!
We're joined by our Mayor.
Please tell us about the line-up!
XY will be performing
at Place de la Concorde,
Laura Nightingale at the Louvre,
the Philharmonic at City Hall,
and Mr. Jagged Stone at the Eiffel Tower!
And let's not forget the many gigs
given by the people of Paris
across the city!
It will be the most incredible festival
since the first one was held,
right here, in Paris, in 1982!
I'm Nadia Chamack.
Tune in here, to hear more tunes!
Come on, now. Don't be so down
in the dumps. Look at the bright side.
Now you can enjoy all of the concerts
without leaving the comfort of your room!
I just wanted to go
to my friends' concert, Plagg!
Then why didn't you say so?
As your friend, I'm going to give you
a private concert you'll never forget!
Ahem!
[off key] ♪ Camembert!
You're the cheese of my dreams! ♪
♪ Camembert!
You make life better than it seems! ♪
Thanks, Plagg. Best concert ever.
Aw...
-Are you OK, girl?
-Mmm-hmm.
I'm thinking Marinette the Compass
has found herself a new Statue!
What? Luka? No way!
You're being ridiculous! Pff!
Sure, he's cool and nice and everything...
but there's only one statue
that drives this compass crazy!
Ho, ho, sailors! Let's give 'em a show!
Whenever you're ready, Luka!
You're going to need these, believe me!
[sirens]
Mrs. Anarka,
are you completely out of your mind?
I'm reading 160 decibels!
That's ten times
the sound of a jet engine!
You can't do this!
You'll have to play something else!
It's the National Music Festival today,
Officer Roger!
My crew's allowed to play
whatever they want!
It's a music festival,
not a noise festival!
If you don't turn the volume down,
I'll ban your concert altogether!
Uh, maybe we could just turn
the volume down a bit, Captain?
-Then there'd be no more problem, right?
-No! Out of the question!
I didn't name my galleon Liberty
for nothing, you know!
It's a matter of principle! Haven't you
ever heard of freedom of speech, Roger?
This is my home! I do as I want!
Do you have a document stating
you can moor your houseboat here?
-The Seine belongs to everyone!
-You can't moor here without a permit!
So you can't play your concert here!
Not to mention this incredibly messy deck!
Public visual disturbance.
Here's a ticket! And it's too decorated!
-Another ticket!
-Ha, ha, ha, ha!
You asked for it! One more ticket
for making me use too many tickets,
one for your attitude,
one because I can't sleep,
one more because I'm seasick,
one more because I say so.
Ah, the suppression of a soul
demanding liberty and freedom.
A perfect target for my akuma!
Fly away, my little akuma,
and evilise her.
I refuse to give in!
Captain HardRock, I am Hawk Moth.
Is the Establishment censoring your right
to make as much noise as you'd like?
From now on, they won't hear
anything but your music!
I'm giving you an indestructible ship,
and you will use it to sail around Paris,
and blast your music out everywhere
you go, as loudly as you please!
In return, you will bring to me
the greatest of all treasures,
Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
A treasure in return for freedom?
Ho, ho, ho!
Then I shall be your pirate, Hawk Moth!
Oh, no!
Raise the mainsail, me deckhands!
Let's get swashbucklin' round here!
-Arr, arr, arr!
-Mom?
-What's going on?
-Your mom has weighed anchor, me lad!
I am Captain HardRock!
And today, Paris' timbers
are about to be shivered by my cannons!
Westward ho! Liberty, next stop
Jagged Stone, at the Eiffel Tower!
Soon, there will be only one concert
in Paris, only one music festival!
We will destroy all the others!
Now, get to your instruments, sprogs,
and rock those decibels!
Mom, please!
You can't ruin the music festival!
You can't force people
to listen to your music!
-No way we're playing like this!
-Mutiny? On my ship?
Liberty, seize these scallywags
and throw 'em down into the hold!
Ah!
Liberty, fire!
Nothing and no one
will stop Captain HardRock
from playing her music. Fire!
Ow!
Paris is yet again under attack.
A new villain is destroying
all the concerts one by one.
Please take shelter as soon as possible.
I may be grounded,
but they're playing my song!
Yeah, I know it by heart.
Plagg, claws out!
Wow! How did you do that?
Uh... I... uh... with this!
You're amazing!
A real magician, Marinette!
You think so? Oh, it was nothing.
Amazing, really?
Excuse me, but some of us
are still chained up here.
[evil laugh]
Marinette! She's coming!
We'll come back, I promise!
-Run, Marinette! Quick!
-Seize him!
She won't get very far.
-Phew! That was close!
-Tikki, I have to save my friends!
Tikki, spots on!
Yeah!
New target located. Fire at XY!
Ah!
And now...
Huh? What was that?
Fire at Cat Noir!
Seize him!
Seize them!
[sirens]
I command you to stop,
in the name of the law!
Fire, Liberty!
Ah!
-Thank you, Ladybug and Cat Noir!
-Stay under cover.
-We'll take care of her!
-Time for the treasure hunt!
I hope you've got your sea legs, kitty.
I'll be purrfect, as long as I stay dry!
Seize them!
-Ho, ho, ho!
-Any idea where the akuma is?
-It's gotta be on the ship somewhere.
-A cataclysm will settle this.
Wait! There are prisoners in the hold!
-If you sink this boat, they might drown!
-Fire at Nightingale!
We've got to stop this ship!
It's time we got this vessel anchored!
Let's rip this off!
It's no good!
Argh! It's blocked!
Ha, ha, ha! Liberty answers only to me!
Seize her!
Ladybug!
-Ladybug, is Marinette OK?
-She's safe! She alerted me!
That girl's unbelievably brave.
Lucky charm!
Another chain? Some pliers
would've come in more handy!
Don't worry, guys!
I'll find a way to get you out!
Seize him!
Well done, Captain HardRock!
My treasure will be your Miraculous,
kitty cat!
Don't be an impatient scurvy, Ladybug!
You're next in line!
I command you to stop your acts of piracy,
in the name of the law!
Him again? Fire!
Ah!
En garde! Huh? Where did you go?
If you refuse to give me your Miraculous,
my next target will be Mayor Bourgeois
and his orchestra!
Liberty, next stop, City Hall!
Thanks!
Any longer and I'd have been fish food!
We've got a problem.
I couldn't free the prisoners!
And I have no idea
what I'm supposed to do with this!
It's probably trying to tell you
that you're chained to me forever.
You're pulling my chain, Cat Noir.
-It's time to take the ship. Follow me!
-Aye, aye!
There you are again!
The time has come to send you
to the bottom once and for all!
-No! Get away from the compass!
-Ah!
For the last time, stop your boat,
in the name of the law!
Ah!
[Marinette] Do it, Cat Noir!
Cataclysm!
No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
-Pound it!
-What happened?
Oh, not much.
You just had a bout of... seasickness.
Time to raise the sails, Milady.
Miraculous Ladybug!
Enjoy your gig! Bug out!
For the sake of Neptune!
Captain HardRock
didn't manage to seize your Miraculous.
But one of these days,
Ladybug and Cat Noir,
your treasure will be mine!
[evil laugh]
Would you like to play this piece with me,
as a duet?
-I... I don't think...
-Please, Father.
If I'm not allowed to go to my friends'
concert, at least grant me this.
La!
You can go to your friends' concert
if that's what you want.
Thank you, Father!
It's a bit loud by my standards
and a few decibels over the legal limit...
But I'll let it slide this once.
After all, it's the music festival!
[cheering]
Thanks, Roger.
Have a good gig!
Hi, everyone! Hi, ma'am!
Witch where you're wokking!
Ditching, the-the-the...
Adrien! You OK, buddy?
No, it's all good, I... Whoa!
An original ZX20.4!
I love the sound of this instrument!
Oh, that old thing?
No one knows how to play it!
-I know how to play it!
-Great!
-Welcome to the band, Adrien!
-Thanks... Uh...?
-Luka!
-Thanks, Luka.
Is the compass going crazy?
You know, matey,
sometimes disorder can be a good thing.
If this hadn't been lying around,
we wouldn't have gained a player!
Evening, everyone! Our name
is Kitty Section! One, two, three...
♪ I love unicorns ♪
♪ And cute little fluffy cats ♪